tis the season for those wonderful
Wisconsin apples go out and pick some
apples with their family this weekend
it's just a fun thing to do you'll get
some great pictures and you know what
you'll get a ton of apples and I'm gonna
show you how to turn those all those
apples into quick and easy apple muffins
that the kids will love your house will
smell amazing and they're so good we've
been eating all morning long here this
is a really really easy recipe we're
starting out with just some flour and
we've got some sugar so and for the
exact amounts you can go to our website
so flour sugar some salt cinnamon and
some baking powder so that's it for the
dry ingredients really really easy to
mix those around now we've got one egg
some vegetable oil some milk just gonna
mix those together this is something you
could actually do so quick you could do
it in the morning before the kids go to
school and I've got my apron on because
it does get a little bit messy but I
love those recipes where it's just super
quick and simple and this is one of
those I don't bake a lot but this is
something I can handle if I can handle
that you can handle it the last thing we
have and don't overmix muffins is some
finely diced Apple and this happened to
be a good sized Apple so we've got one
of them if they were little guys you
could do two and that's it that's the
muffins how easy is that so we've got a
greased we're using the Texas muffins
for these it'll make about six of the
big muffins or twelve of the normal
sized muffins so you can either use the
cupcake liners or just grease the muffin
pan real well and preheat that oven to
350 degrees and depending again if
you're gonna use the big guys with the
little guys takes about 25 minutes
but we've got one more little fun part
and this is optional you can bake these
muffins just as is and they're and
they're super delicious but I like a
little a little streusel topping on top
of mine so what the heck why not we're
gonna just do some sugar some flour some
cinnamon teaspoon or half of cinnamon
and a quarter cup of cold cubed butter
and just mix that together with a little
fork or a pastry blender and that will
give you a nice crumbly topping to
sprinkle a little bit of this on the top
and let the cinnamon here and apples oh
my goodness gracious your house is gonna
just smell so good and smell like fall
so then a little bit of this crumb
topping just goes on top of each of the
muffins right before you bake it and
again 20 minutes and you're done and
these just came out of the oven and
Rachel and Pete I promise I'll bring you
over are you eating them right now
aren't they good I always have to have a
little bit of butter on mine to make
them even a little more naughty but I
think your family I really love this
recipe
I mean how easy was that well bake these
up for the crew thanks Anne hey and make
sure and watch living with Amy today
it's all about apples we've got a bushel
full of apple recipes for you Ireland
makes our really quick and easy apple
dip that your kids will love so we'll
head to my house for that I'm gonna
start out the show with a delicious
Apple stuffing pork tenderloin it's pork
tenderloin stuffed with apples and dried
cherries and it's just really really
yummy plus we'll take you to an apple
orchard in Door County they planted
their first tree a hundred years ago so
it's all about apples plus an apple
crisp recipe that you can do in the
microwave in minutes it's gonna be a lot
of fun we'll see here on living with Amy
and I'm always cooking even on the
weekends make sure and watch good day
Wisconsin Sunday this Sunday I've got a
really great recipe I'm gonna make an
apricot chicken recipe it's like three
ingredients three or four ingredients so
simple you can throw it together in this
one in literally minutes so